
     ,-----.,--.                  ,--. ,---.   ,--.,------.  ,------.
    '  .--./|  | ,---. ,--.,--. ,-|  || o   \  |  ||  .-.  \ |  .---'
    |  |    |  || .-. ||  ||  |' .-. |`..'  |  |  ||  |  \  :|  `--, 
    '  '--'\|  |' '-' ''  ''  '\ `-' | .'  /   |  ||  '--'  /|  `---.
     `-----'`--' `---'  `----'  `---'  `--'    `--'`-------' `------'
    ----------------------------------------------------------------- 


Welcome to your Node.js project on Cloud9 IDE!

This chat example showcases how to use `socket.io` with a static `express` server.

## Running the server

1) Open `server.js` and start the app by clicking on the "Run" button in the top menu.

2) Alternatively you can launch the app from the Terminal:

    $ node server.js

Once the server is running, open the project in the shape of 'https://projectname-username.c9users.io/'. As you enter your name, watch the Users list (on the left) update. Once you press Enter or Send, the message is shared with all connected clients.

# ParknGo

## Inspiration
Downtown Boston’s BS parking situation.
1. Very high public parking prices.
2. A huge concern for daily commuters.
3. No existing platform to leverage a free home-owned parking spot, to earn money for the spot when vacant.


## What it does
Our web application offers a platform for users to connect with each other and crowdsource parking solutions and provide a cheaper and more convenient alternative to parking. 
1. Users can either lend parking spots for a user-defined fee, and users can rent available parking spots through the app.
2. Users in need for a parking spot can filter by location, date range, timings, and prices to match oneself with the desired available parking spot and make a booking through an online transaction.
3. Lenders can put up their home-owned parking spots up for grab for a desired location and price and earn money


## How we built it
Front-end in HTML/CSS/Javascript/jQuery, Here.com/Authorize.net/Google Geocoding API
Back-end in Node.js with a MongoDB database, hosted on mLab


## Challenges we ran into
Making the front-end interactive with here.com’s API.
Finding good wifi & sneaking into the Engineering building.
Bringing food over in the cold weather, consequently ordering Blaze Pizza.


## Accomplishments that we’re proud of
The entire project; how polished, practical and functional it is.


## What we learned
How to use MongoDB


## What's next for Park n Go
1. A user-friendly mobile application deployed on iOS and Android platforms
2. A review and rating system generated by acquiring reviews by spot renters for each park spot they booked and use, in order to have a competitive and transparent environment for renters and lenders.

